>> Todd Gardner: The other metric that I
think is really important to talk about
is FCP, the First Contentful Paint.
So this is just like largest,
but first, what's the first one?
What's the first time we've
shown the user something?
The first time the browser window
switches from white to something.
Something has happened, we have given
the user an indication that the request,
the thing that they did,
the link that they clicked on,
is going to load, that they're not gonna
end up with the Chrome dinosaur game,
that something is going to happen,
that is what we're measuring here.
So if we throw all of these things kind
of together onto the same film stream.
So the user first clicks on something and
there's this big white page,
the page is loading, network requests are
happening, maybe redirects are happening,
all kinds of stuff.
The first thing that happens is TTFB,
the first thing that will happen in all
of these events will always be TTFB,
it's the first thing we got the first
byte of data back from the host.
Then stuff will happen, generally,
we're gonna hit DOMContentLoaded.
Not all the time, but generally,
we're gonna hit DOM content loaded next,
because we're gonna need the document
in place before we can start rendering.
Then the first thing that first
render that happens will be FCP,
it's the first render that's,
by definition,
the first time the background changes,
text element appears, something.
Then sometime after that, LCP appears, and
then, in my case, load happens after this.
But if you remember from our talk about
legacy metrics, load can be anywhere.
Load could have happened right up
back there at DOMContentLoaded,
load could have happened before FCP.
If you have an entirely client-side
rendered architecture where the load event
and the DOMContentLoaded event aren't
necessarily tied to the vitals in any way,
I'm including them here for completeness.
As an example of where we would
expect them to show up for
the architecture of dev stickers online.
>> Todd Gardner: FCP, so just like all,
again, this is not a core web vital,
this is not SEO impacting.
But Google does recommend that
this is 1.8 seconds or less.
So we had 800 milliseconds to
get to time to first byte.
That means we have one second,
one second from time to first byte
to the First Contentful Paint,
one second to parse the HTML, figure out
what the heck we're gonna do with it and
render something is what
Google's telling us to do.
And these are directly related.
These three metrics are tied together.
So here it is in a flame chart.
The time of LCP will always be
larger than the time of FCP, and
the time of FCP will always be
larger than the time to first byte.
Now, if you have [LAUGH] a very simple
document, these could all be the same,
they could all fire at almost exactly
the same time if you have a super
trivial document.
Generally, time to first byte
to FCP will have some gap.
FCP and LCP happening at the same time,
also a very common occurrence, especially
in small websites, what yours are will
depend on how your site is structured,
how you have things put together, and
the time for resources to come together.